README.md, before:

# 🧰 Useful Apps & Services

A curated list of apps, services, blogs, and newsletters I use or recommend. Covering command-line tools, apps, AI, homelab software, and more.

> Credit to [AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net) for providing some of the app descriptions listed below.

## 📚 Table of Contents

- [🔧 Developer Tools](#-developer-tools)
- [🏠 Homelab Apps & Services](#-homelab-apps--services)
- [🤖 AI Apps & Services](#-ai-apps--services)
- [🛜 Networking Apps & Services](#-networking-apps--services)
- [🔐 Privacy/Security Apps & Services](#-privacy/security-apps--services)
- [🧠 Productivity Apps & Services](#-productivity-apps--services)
- [📰 Newsletters](#-newsletters)
- [🌐 Useful Websites](#-useful-websites)

## 🔧 Developer Tools

- **[git](https://git-scm.com)** — Git is a free & open source, distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency. Git tracks changes in any set of computer files, usually used for coordinating work among collaborators.
- **[zsh](https://linuxhandbook.com/install-zsh/)** — Zsh is a UNIX command interpreter (shell).
- **[Oh My Zsh](https://ohmyz.sh)** — Oh My Zsh is an open source, community-driven framework for managing your zsh configuration.
- **[Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)** — Homebrew is the easiest and most flexible way to install the UNIX tools Apple didn’t include with macOS. Also available for Linux.
- **[iTerm2](https://iterm2.com)** — iTerm2 is a replacement for Terminal and the successor to iTerm. It works on Macs with macOS 10.10 or newer. iTerm2 brings the terminal into the modern age with features you never knew you always wanted.
- **[WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/)** - Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) is a feature of Windows that allows developers to run a Linux environment without the need for a separate virtual machine or dual booting.
- **[Windows Terminal](https://github.com/Microsoft/Terminal)** - Windows Terminal is a modern, feature-rich, productive terminal application for command-line users. It includes many of the features most frequently requested by the Windows command-line community including support for tabs, rich text, globalization, configurability, theming & styling, and more.
- **[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)** — Free and extensible code editor with built-in Git support, smart IntelliSense, integrated debugger, 30,000+ extensions, works offline, supports markdown and syntax highlighting for numerous languages.
- **[Docker](https://docker.com)** — Docker is an open-source engine that automates the deployment of any application as a lightweight, portable, self-sufficient container that will run virtually anywhere.
- **[chezmoi](https://www.chezmoi.io/)** — Manage your dotfiles across multiple machines.
- **[atuin](https://atuin.sh/)** — Sync, search, and backup shell history with Atuin.

## 🏠 Homelab Apps & Services

- **[Proxmox](https://www.proxmox.com/)** — Proxmox Virtual Environment is a complete and easy to use Open Source virtualization platform for running Virtual Appliances and Virtual Machines. Proxmox VE tightly integrates KVM hypervisor and LXC containers, software-defined storage and networking functionality on a single platform, and easily manages high availability clusters and disaster recovery tools with the built-in web management interface. 
- **[Cockpit](https://cockpit-project.org/)** — Makes it easy to administer Linux servers via a web browser. It allows you to easily perform simple tasks like storage administration, inspecting journals, starting & stopping services, monitoring & administering several servers at once.
- **[Nginx Proxy Manager](https://nginxproxymanager.com/)** — This project comes as a pre-built docker image that enables you to easily forward to your websites running at home or otherwise, including free SSL, without having to know too much about Nginx or Letsencrypt.
- **[Portainer](https://www.portainer.io/)** — Portainer Community Edition is a lightweight service delivery platform for containerized applications that can be used to manage Docker, Swarm, and Kubernetes environments. It is designed to be as simple to deploy as it is to use.
- **[Glance](https://github.com/glanceapp/glance)** — A self-hosted dashboard that puts all your feeds in one place.

## 🤖 AI Apps & Services

- **[ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/)** — AI language model perfect for generating interactive human-like text in various styles. Built on architecture allowing real-time natural language generation, ideal for applications demanding fluent, relevant output over diverse topics broadened by extensive training data.
- **[Perplexity](https://www.perplexity.ai/)** — AI-powered engine offers precise answers through a conversational interface utilizing large language models. Features include predictive text, personalized profiles, and Pro Search for advanced AI capabilities. Ideal for summarizing content, exploring topics, and enhancing productivity.
- **[ChatLLM](https://chatllm.abacus.ai)** — AI Chatbot Powered by the Latest LLMs
Transform the Way You Chat, Learn & Create
Meet ChatLLM: a next-generation AI chat assistant built on the most advanced language models, including GPT-4o, o1, and Gemini. Whether you need instant answers, voice-based conversations, image generation, or ready-to-use documents, ChatLLM is the all-in-one solution for supercharging your day-to-day tasks.
- **[NotebookLM](https://notebooklm.google/)** — AI-first notebook by Google, available in the U.S., blends large language models and user-chosen data. Apply for access to explore intelligent insights and enhance your note-taking experience.
- **[OpenRouter](https://openrouter.ai/)** — OpenRouter (openrouter.ai) is an AI model aggregator service that provides developers and users access to a wide range of large language models and generative 3D object models through a unified API. It allows users to interact with various AI models, including those from major providers like OpenAI, Google, and Anthropic, as well as open-source models, without needing separate accounts for each service.
- **[Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/)** — Hugging Face is an online community dedicated to advancing AI and democratizing good machine learning. Hugging Face empowers the field of AI through various open-source developments, free and low-cost hosting of machine learning resources and by providing an accessible and featureful online hub for communication and sharing.
- **[Enclave](https://enclaveai.app/)** — Bring powerful AI models directly to your device, ensuring that your personal data and conversations stays with you and isn't shared with third parties. All processing is done locally with zero data tracking. No internet needed. Your creativity is the limit.
- **[Freepik AI](https://www.freepik.com/)** — Explore Freepik AI Suite's sketch-to-image converter, video generator, image enhancer, and background remover. Create and edit stunning images using AI-powered tools, for seamless and efficient creativity without ads. Perfect for image editing and AI generation enthusiasts.

## 🛜 Networking Apps & Services

- **[Tailscale](https://tailscale.com/)** — Private networks made easy Connect all your devices using WireGuard, without the hassle. Tailscale makes it as easy as installing an app and signing in.
- **[Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com/)** — Cloudflare is a software-as-a-service hosted front-end transparent proxy designed to be put in front of any website to block attacks of any size and type, and offer integrated DNS and CDN services.

## 🔐 Privacy/Security Apps & Services

- **[Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com)** — Bitwarden is the easiest and safest way to store all of your logins and passwords while conveniently keeping them synced between all of your devices.
- **[DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/)** — Experience a privacy-focused search engine that doesn't track you, featuring Zero-click Info, instant answers, !bangs, and more, built from open-source software for a transparent, user-friendly online search experience
- **[Surfshark VPN](https://surfshark.com/)** — Surfshark is a VPN service offering secure, unrestricted internet access. Its application can be used across multiple devices like iPhone, iPad, and Mac. It offers an Alternative ID feature for enhanced privacy and secure access to various content via a range of servers.
- **[NextDNS](https://nextdns.io/)** — NextDNS protects you from all kinds of security threats, blocks ads and trackers on websites and in apps and provides a safe and supervised Internet for kids — on all devices and on all networks.

## 🧠 Productivity Apps & Services

- **[Craft](https://www.craft.do/)** — Craft offers document creation with stunning visuals, seamless navigation, and effortless sharing. Nest notes, use AI for summaries, and export in multiple formats.
- **[Inoreader](https://www.inoreader.com/)** — Aggregate feeds from RSS, social media, and newsletters with advanced filtering, OPML management, website monitoring, IFTTT automation, cloud syncing, text-to-speech, dark mode, and collaboration tools for flexible and efficient content consumption across devices.
- **[Raindrop.io](https://raindrop.io/)** — Capture and organize bookmarks and associated content like articles, photos, and more with Raindrop.io. Enjoy real-time collaboration, privacy focus, web clipper, and sync across devices without ads.

### 📰 Newsletters

 - **[The Rundown AI](https://www.therundown.ai)** - Get the latest AI news, understand why it matters, and learn how to apply it in your work — all in just 5 minutes a day.

- **[There's an AI for that](https://theresanaiforthat.com)** - AI directory, providing the most extensive collection of AI tools across industries, tasks, and use cases.

- **[Selfh.st](https://selfh.st)** - An independent publication created and curated by Ethan Sholly. Focused on self-hosted news, updates, and content.

### 🌐 Useful Websites

- **[AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net)** - AlternativeTo is a crowd-sourced and free site that helps you find better apps and services. [Sign up](https://alternativeto.net/api/auth/signup/) and help others find great apps!

Commit message:

Update README.md to add new sections for Browsers and enhance existing content

README.md, after:

# 🧰 Useful Apps & Services

A curated list of apps, services, blogs, and newsletters I use or recommend. Covering command-line tools, apps, AI, homelab software, and more.

> Credit to [AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net) for providing some of the app descriptions listed below.

## 📚 Table of Contents

- [🔧 Developer Tools](#-developer-tools)
- [🏠 Homelab Apps & Services](#-homelab-apps--services)
- [🤖 AI Apps & Services](#-ai-apps--services)
- [🌐 Browsers](#browsers)
- [🛜 Networking Apps & Services](#-networking-apps--services)
- [🔐 Privacy/Security Apps & Services](#-privacysecurity-apps--services)
- [🧠 Productivity Apps & Services](#-productivity-apps--services)
- [📰 Newsletters](#-newsletters)
- [🖥️ Useful Websites](#-useful-websites)

## 🔧 Developer Tools

- **[git](https://git-scm.com)** — Git is a free & open source, distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency. Git tracks changes in any set of computer files, usually used for coordinating work among collaborators.
- **[zsh](https://linuxhandbook.com/install-zsh/)** — Zsh is a UNIX command interpreter (shell).
- **[Oh My Zsh](https://ohmyz.sh)** — Oh My Zsh is an open source, community-driven framework for managing your zsh configuration.
- **[Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)** — Homebrew is the easiest and most flexible way to install the UNIX tools Apple didn’t include with macOS. Also available for Linux.
- **[iTerm2](https://iterm2.com)** — iTerm2 is a replacement for Terminal and the successor to iTerm. It works on Macs with macOS 10.10 or newer. iTerm2 brings the terminal into the modern age with features you never knew you always wanted.
- **[WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/)** - Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) is a feature of Windows that allows developers to run a Linux environment without the need for a separate virtual machine or dual booting.
- **[Windows Terminal](https://github.com/Microsoft/Terminal)** - Windows Terminal is a modern, feature-rich, productive terminal application for command-line users. It includes many of the features most frequently requested by the Windows command-line community including support for tabs, rich text, globalization, configurability, theming & styling, and more.
- **[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)** — Free and extensible code editor with built-in Git support, smart IntelliSense, integrated debugger, 30,000+ extensions, works offline, supports markdown and syntax highlighting for numerous languages.
- **[Docker](https://docker.com)** — Docker is an open-source engine that automates the deployment of any application as a lightweight, portable, self-sufficient container that will run virtually anywhere.
- **[chezmoi](https://www.chezmoi.io/)** — Manage your dotfiles across multiple machines.
- **[atuin](https://atuin.sh/)** — Sync, search, and backup shell history with Atuin.

## 🏠 Homelab Apps & Services

- **[Proxmox](https://www.proxmox.com/)** — Proxmox Virtual Environment is a complete and easy to use Open Source virtualization platform for running Virtual Appliances and Virtual Machines. Proxmox VE tightly integrates KVM hypervisor and LXC containers, software-defined storage and networking functionality on a single platform, and easily manages high availability clusters and disaster recovery tools with the built-in web management interface.
- **[Cockpit](https://cockpit-project.org/)** — Makes it easy to administer Linux servers via a web browser. It allows you to easily perform simple tasks like storage administration, inspecting journals, starting & stopping services, monitoring & administering several servers at once.
- **[Nginx Proxy Manager](https://nginxproxymanager.com/)** — This project comes as a pre-built docker image that enables you to easily forward to your websites running at home or otherwise, including free SSL, without having to know too much about Nginx or Letsencrypt.
- **[Portainer](https://www.portainer.io/)** — Portainer Community Edition is a lightweight service delivery platform for containerized applications that can be used to manage Docker, Swarm, and Kubernetes environments. It is designed to be as simple to deploy as it is to use.
- **[Glance](https://github.com/glanceapp/glance)** — A self-hosted dashboard that puts all your feeds in one place.
- **[Authentik](https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik)** - Authentik is an open-source Identity Provider focused on flexibility and versatility.

## 🤖 AI Apps & Services

- **[ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/)** — AI language model perfect for generating interactive human-like text in various styles. Built on architecture allowing real-time natural language generation, ideal for applications demanding fluent, relevant output over diverse topics broadened by extensive training data.
- **[Perplexity](https://www.perplexity.ai/)** — AI-powered engine offers precise answers through a conversational interface utilizing large language models. Features include predictive text, personalized profiles, and Pro Search for advanced AI capabilities. Ideal for summarizing content, exploring topics, and enhancing productivity.
- **[ChatLLM](https://chatllm.abacus.ai)** — AI Chatbot Powered by the Latest LLMs
Transform the Way You Chat, Learn & Create
Meet ChatLLM: a next-generation AI chat assistant built on the most advanced language models, including GPT-4o, o1, and Gemini. Whether you need instant answers, voice-based conversations, image generation, or ready-to-use documents, ChatLLM is the all-in-one solution for supercharging your day-to-day tasks.
- **[NotebookLM](https://notebooklm.google/)** — AI-first notebook by Google, available in the U.S., blends large language models and user-chosen data. Apply for access to explore intelligent insights and enhance your note-taking experience.
- **[OpenRouter](https://openrouter.ai/)** — OpenRouter (openrouter.ai) is an AI model aggregator service that provides developers and users access to a wide range of large language models and generative 3D object models through a unified API. It allows users to interact with various AI models, including those from major providers like OpenAI, Google, and Anthropic, as well as open-source models, without needing separate accounts for each service.
- **[Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/)** — Hugging Face is an online community dedicated to advancing AI and democratizing good machine learning. Hugging Face empowers the field of AI through various open-source developments, free and low-cost hosting of machine learning resources and by providing an accessible and featureful online hub for communication and sharing.
- **[Enclave](https://enclaveai.app/)** — Bring powerful AI models directly to your device, ensuring that your personal data and conversations stays with you and isn't shared with third parties. All processing is done locally with zero data tracking. No internet needed. Your creativity is the limit.
- **[Freepik AI](https://www.freepik.com/)** — Explore Freepik AI Suite's sketch-to-image converter, video generator, image enhancer, and background remover. Create and edit stunning images using AI-powered tools, for seamless and efficient creativity without ads. Perfect for image editing and AI generation enthusiasts.

## 🖥️ Browsers

- **[Brave](https://brave.com/download/)** - Fast, secure browser integrating ad and tracker blockage, privacy features, and VPN. Offers seamless performance with data and battery optimization, faster loads by blocking pop-ups and ads. Safeguards user privacy with tracking protections and built-in brave search.
- **[DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser](https://duckduckgo.com/app)** - Privacy-focused open-source smartphone browser by DuckDuckGo blocks trackers, enforces encrypted connections, and provides a Privacy Grade. Partners with 'Terms of Service Didn't Read' and offers features like tabs, bookmarks, and autocomplete, keeping search data private.

## 🛜 Networking Apps & Services

- **[Tailscale](https://tailscale.com/)** — Private networks made easy Connect all your devices using WireGuard, without the hassle. Tailscale makes it as easy as installing an app and signing in.
- **[Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com/)** — Cloudflare is a software-as-a-service hosted front-end transparent proxy designed to be put in front of any website to block attacks of any size and type, and offer integrated DNS and CDN services.

## 🔐 Privacy/Security Apps & Services

- **[Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com)** — Bitwarden is the easiest and safest way to store all of your logins and passwords while conveniently keeping them synced between all of your devices.
- **[DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/)** — Experience a privacy-focused search engine that doesn't track you, featuring Zero-click Info, instant answers, !bangs, and more, built from open-source software for a transparent, user-friendly online search experience
- **[Surfshark VPN](https://surfshark.com/)** — Surfshark is a VPN service offering secure, unrestricted internet access. Its application can be used across multiple devices like iPhone, iPad, and Mac. It offers an Alternative ID feature for enhanced privacy and secure access to various content via a range of servers.
- **[NextDNS](https://nextdns.io/)** — NextDNS protects you from all kinds of security threats, blocks ads and trackers on websites and in apps and provides a safe and supervised Internet for kids — on all devices and on all networks.

## 🧠 Productivity Apps & Services

- **[Craft](https://www.craft.do/)** — Craft offers document creation with stunning visuals, seamless navigation, and effortless sharing. Nest notes, use AI for summaries, and export in multiple formats.
- **[Inoreader](https://www.inoreader.com/)** — Aggregate feeds from RSS, social media, and newsletters with advanced filtering, OPML management, website monitoring, IFTTT automation, cloud syncing, text-to-speech, dark mode, and collaboration tools for flexible and efficient content consumption across devices.
- **[Raindrop.io](https://raindrop.io/)** — Capture and organize bookmarks and associated content like articles, photos, and more with Raindrop.io. Enjoy real-time collaboration, privacy focus, web clipper, and sync across devices without ads.

### 📰 Newsletters

- **[The Rundown AI](https://www.therundown.ai)** - Get the latest AI news, understand why it matters, and learn how to apply it in your work — all in just 5 minutes a day.
- **[There's an AI for that](https://theresanaiforthat.com)** - AI directory, providing the most extensive collection of AI tools across industries, tasks, and use cases.
- **[Selfh.st](https://selfh.st)** - An independent publication created and curated by Ethan Sholly. Focused on self-hosted news, updates, and content.

### 🌐 Useful Websites

<details>
 <summary>Apps</summary>

- **[AlternativeTo](https://alternativeto.net)** - AlternativeTo is a crowd-sourced and free site that helps you find better apps and services. [Sign up](https://alternativeto.net/api/auth/signup/) and help others find great apps!

</details>
